Discover us
He hums
But he seems to have discovered
We won't let him count their fates anymore
Sir, do you think he will stand in the way of their future?
He is a sword fairy
Knowing what to do and what not to do
in-law
This jade pendant should always be worn by your side
Keep you safe
Must not be lost
Thanks grandpa
In the name of my Gu Changxi
Please ask the gods and Buddhas to witness Ye Xuan and Bai Xi
Married here
Never give up
No more complaints
No regrets
never tire
Sharing weal and woe
Grow old together
bye
heaven and earth
Three couples worship
Exchange token
Little lady, you will be a sexy young woman in the future
Sister, stop talking
I'm so nervous.
Oops, what are you nervous about?
Don't you already know it?
Oh stop talking
Please stop talking.
Oh, dear.
If it really doesn't work, I'll give you a good lesson.